in today's episode of recap files i'm
going to explain a 2018 american horror
film called a quiet place
warning spoilers ahead the film begins
89 days after an alien invasion
devastates the planet and annihilates
the majority of humanity
because the monsters are blind but have
excellent hearing they hunt wherever
they hear noise
the abbotts parents lee john krasinski
and evelyn emily blunt as well as
children regan
millicent simmons marcus noah jupe and
bo
cade woodward leave their home to search
for supplies in a deserted town
they communicate entirely through sign
language and make as little noise as
possible
evelyn locates medication for marcus who
is ill
beau discovers a toy rocket that he
wants to play with but lee takes the
batteries out and warns him that it will
be too loud
regan hands bow the rocket and he grabs
the batteries when no one is looking
the family walks back toward their house
on a dirt path that muffles the sound of
their footsteps
beau puts the batteries in the toy and
turns it on making loud noises
as they approach the bridge when lee
hears one of the monsters running
through the woods
he rushes toward beau a spider-like
creature leaps out and snatches bow
before lee can reach him
over a year later the family is still
thriving by remaining as quiet as
possible
evelyn is expecting her fourth child lee
created a hearing aid for regan
who is deaf using spare parts from radio
equipment
unfortunately this like previous
attempts to make a device
does not allow regan to hear marcus
accidentally knocks over a lantern
causing it to shatter and start a small
fire which lee quickly extinguishes
they wait with bated breath to see if
the monsters have realized where they
are but they never do later lee and
evelyn dance while listening to a song
on a device
lee takes marcus fishing by the falls
despite his fear of being out there
regan offers to accompany lee but lee
tells her to stay and assist her mother
there is no doubt that lee and regan are
at odds lee assures marcus that it is
safe to talk at the falls because the
sound of the river is louder than the
sounds they can make
for the first time in a long time they
are able to communicate with one another
marcus informs lee that regan blames
herself for what happened to beau
and he inquires as to whether his father
feels the same way
lee however denies it marcus asks him if
he loves regan and tells him that he
should tell her
regan walks away from the house and
toured the bridge where the family has
left a memorial for beau
she cuts the wires of the toy rocket to
silence it but leaves the lights on
as lee and marcus begin their journey
back home they come across a man
standing over the mutilated body of a
woman who may have been his
wife despite lee's efforts to persuade
him not to make any noise
the man screams attracting the monsters
lee and marcus flee as the man is killed
evelyn's water breaks back at the
family's farm she heads to the basement
to prepare because it is soundproof
but she steps on a nail on the staircase
causing her to yelp in pain and drop a
shattered family picture
one of the monsters is drawn to the
house by the noise evelyn activates the
red lights
alerting lee to the presence of the
monsters the monster stalks evelyn in
the house
but lee sends marcus to set off some
fireworks to distract the monster away
evelyn can finally scream due to the
pain of the contractions
and she is bleeding profusely lee
returns home to discover that evelyn has
given birth to a boy
he carries them both to the basement
where he puts an oxygen mask on the baby
and places him in a box so the monster
doesn't hear him cry
lee and evelyn are able to talk because
she has felt guilty about beau's death
and claims she could have carried him
the entire journey
she tells lee that he must promise to
protect the children
regan who was resting near the memorial
sees the fireworks and rushes back home
marcus dashes through a crop field as
one of the monsters approaches
he is knocked out after colliding with
the tractor but he is found by regan
the two go to the top of a grain silo to
signal lee to come and find them
but the wind blows out their fire marcus
then falls through the silos roof and is
almost crushed by a metal door
regan follows him in and the two nearly
suffocate under the grain
a monster then bursts in but the
children hide beneath the metallic door
regan's hearing aid then emits a
powerful high-pitched frequency
weakening the monster and driving it
away the basement of the house begins to
flood
when one of the monsters hears the water
running it approaches
evelyn moves quietly through the water
as she tries to reach the baby
the creature flees when it hears noises
outside
regan and marcus emerge from the silo to
rejoin lee
the monster on the other hand is nearby
while lee tries to fend off the monster
the kids take refuge in a truck it whips
its clawedly
severely injuring him marcus cries out
for his father
and the monster hears him lee notices
the children and expresses to them that
he has always loved both of them
he then screams attracting the monster
which kills him
evelyn sees this through the
surveillance cameras the kids return to
the house and run into evelyn's arms
all of them in grief over lee's death
they flee to the basement in search of
safety
marcus is kept in the corner by evelyn
to protect the baby
lee's notes and equipment which he used
experimentally against the creatures
are visible to regan as evelyn arms
herself with a shotgun
one of the monsters makes its way into
the basement regan realizes that her
hearing aid is powerful enough to weaken
the creature
so she employs it to generate a powerful
frequency that causes the monster's head
to open and writhe in pain
it rises but evelyn blows off its head
this alerts another pair of monsters
who rush toward the house as evelyn can
see on the cameras
however now that they know how to fight
back regan turns up the volume on the
microphone
and evelyn [ __ ] the shotgun with a
smile
do you enjoy videos like these then
consider subscribing and leaving us a
like
it really helps the channel out thanks
for watching and we'll catch you on the
next one